15.1.2 (#355)
MetaMask/eth-json-rpc-middleware: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

## [15.1.2]
### Changed

> - fix the regex used to match primary type array when validating primary type of typed sign request ([#353](https://github.com/MetaMask/eth-json-rpc-middleware/pull/353))

Reviewer: Nit: suggested re-wording to explain the `undefined` case
```suggestion
- Fix validation of primary type for signTypedDataV3 and signTypedDataV4 ([#353](https://github.com/MetaMask/eth-json-rpc-middleware/pull/353))
  - It was updated to handle `undefined` input
```
